My name is Lucas Betinardi Silva and I'm a Junior in Architecture major. I'm from Brazil and I'm an Exchange student at Illinois Institute of Technology this semester.
In Brazil, my University is considered one of the best in the country; it's called State University of Maringa (there, the public schools are usually better than private, differently than here). But even though, they do not have too much courses related to creativity to offer, so that is basically why I started with Architecture.
From there, I chose Architecture with a different vision that many people share. I believe that designing a building, for example, is just a small part of what design can do. My intention, at the first place, was to be introduced to a type of knowledge that could help me to see the World differently, through creativity and ideas that are innovative and revolutionary.
As a design lover, I'm always looking for exciting new products, nice-looking webpages, creative apps, and so on. I always wanted to try the different aspects of design, and here at IIT I can. I already took Photography class, learned a bunch of Architecture and design softwares, and got in touch with a more creative way of Architecture that I'm used to in my country. Now, I'm taking Robotics, Web Design, Cinema and Architecture, which are opening a whole new vision for me as a designer.
My ambition with this class come against the idea of technology related to design. Almost everybody have been in touch with some kind of technology or can experience the internet as a multimedia channel, so it is important to learn how to deal with it.
Learning how to design web pages give you the knowledge to control your idea and transform it in your web presence in a way that you really envision, reaching the maximum people that you are able to. My aim is to develop for iOS in the future, and learning how to design for the web can start creating this new background of information related to programming.
I already started to create a web presence a few years ago (more precisely in 2009) when I discovered Twitter. My main twitter account (@lucasbet) is in maily in Portuguese, and now I'm trying to stablish an English account as well (@lucasbetinardi). My next project (that is going to be developed in the Web Design class) is to create my own web presence in my own web site.